all right so first off I got to show you
guys some sick
thing all right that is my live computer
that is what is happening at my desk
right
now so in the future in the future when
I got need to go solder something I
don't need to bring the soldering iron
out there I just need to go in there and
my stream will capture all of that so
you know it's just part of the process
of documenting the making process so
that nothing is left out because that's
really the thing that grinds my
gears but that's not really what we're
up to today what we're up to today is
we're going to be finishing this design
and then we're designing a
feeder uh which uh I basically haven't
started yet which will go here and then
this fly will will be on both of these
things and will push a ball into it now
I'm starting small because I've been
trying to conceptualize the design for
this and just having a hard time with
how a Servo will push it in and so I'm
not going to jump the gun and try to do
something with a hopper and a
Servo um
because I don't know it it just seems
like uh too much changing at once yo
what's up man early in the morning you
know what's going on in Poland dude it's
a cold day here it's 70 it's supposed to
be high of 73 it's been like 85 or 80
every day and and sunny and it's been
great so we're starting to get into the
Cloudy kind of gloomy weather
it's
flooding
what that's
terrible I forgot what town D I should
write this down what town are
you what town are you in wait can't
spell oh my
god dude that's dude I hope you're safe
man oh you're in Warsaw I thought you
were
um why do I why did I think that you
were like in a
uh uh a different
place I thought you were in like outside
of it or
something it's not flooding there oh
well that's good LS
okay uh what was I going to
do dude that's
scary I've never been in anything like
that the hardest rain I've been in was
in Spain it was kind of scary like we
had to pull cuz the thing is it was
hailing at the
time
man that's awful
uh okay so what are we doing we are
modeling four parts so okay wait the
highle thing is we're we're finishing
this which is going to go on
to
this so we're switching from just from
two axes to one
axis so instead of having this whole
thing which oh wait this
this this I should probably just delete
these two things are totally uh
useless so this is what I had before
with these big big motors and
um and now I've switch to these motors
which luckily I was able to find on
grabcad so I was able to find a
um I'm pretty good I'm pretty good I
feel like I'm a little
stuck the past
four or five days in this project um I I
I did this cool thing I don't think you
tuned into this stream but I took this
thing called a as it's a it's called a
magnetic
encoder um let's see if there's a
picture anyways it's this little chip
that can take what's called a uh a
diametrically polarized magnet so
magnets like circular cylindrical
magnets could be polarized in two
different ways one just straight down
the middle that's called ax a no no no
that's called diametric because it goes
along the diameter of the um cylinder
and then axial which is the other way
which is like cut in half and so you
need a diametrically polarized magnet
and then as you rotate it so what you do
is you then glue that to some part of
the rotor of the motor so the part that
rotates
um wait MRI what does that
mean um and so you glue this thing to
the bottom of the the motor and so it
the magnet will spin as the motor spins
and then the sensor will pick up the
angle of
rotation uh which is really freaking
cool dude magnets I honestly don't
really get how they work like permanent
magnets I I can kind of understand how
an electrom magnet works but a a
permanent magnet it's like spooky [__]
man now anyways uh I don't know if
you've seen that there's this thing
Insane Clown
posy uh
magnets how do they
work anyways I'm not going to play that
um so that was really cool so we were
able to get so
uh nice so we were able to glue it and
we were able to get an estimate of
basically how fast the motor is moving
in revolutions per minute the problem is
as you turn up the throttle the readings
get less and less accurate so I don't
really have a good estimate for how fast
I can go at Max
throttle luckily and
unluckily um at Max throttle I found a
one of the motors was stalling on me
um which is kind of
unfortunate uh because so the so I
switched Motors I I don't know how much
context you have so I had these uh I had
these originally these 775 DC motors and
these things were very heavy and they
are pretty good but they're brushed
motors
so it's not really an issue but
um but I can't but anyways uh so I had I
have two of
these
and um the problem is they were too
heavy and so in this assembly this whole
thing let's see if I actually have this
work okay so I didn't get it to work but
wait hold on wait I can just probably go
to the joints is it
this okay I don't know what's going on
but anyways this whole thing
rotates I I I I set it up wrong but this
thing rotates like around and the
problem is that these
motors and the the this motor could not
lift this assembly even with the gear
here oh yeah there's this random thing
okay even with this gear reduction I I
still couldn't get this thing to lift up
with the motors
unfortunately but these Motors are much
lighter I think based on the footage
that I
have that um so the face tracker okay
wait let me just finish this thought is
the um these motors I based on the
footage I have I don't think they
actually shoot the ball as fast
unfortunately but um they are much
lighter so that means I won't have to
upgrade these motors which I kind of
want to do anyway ways but the problem
is I'm sort of space constrained because
my 3D printer can only
print uh like 256x 256 x 256 millim so
25x 25 by 25 cm
and this thing caps out like this the
diameter of this top circle is literally
250 so I only have like 6 millim more
and you can't even really use those six
because it gets so close to the edge um
so the problem is you can see that this
motor is already sticking over the edge
and if I were to upgrade Motors this
thing would be like it's Center of mass
would be if it wasn't screwed in it
would just fall over which is honestly
not the best
so I kind of want to buy the motors
anyways I'm just like sort of uh
tempted you want to just hop on uh you
can just hop on
Discord I'll walk you through it if
you're if you're not busy
I haven't been on I I feel like I
haven't chatted you in a
while I'll just hop on my
uh allow on every
visit oh wait you're not in here
anymore do you need an invite I think I
have a permanent invite
somewhere all right so you'll probably
have to mute the twitch stream so that
you can um and then I need to turn
on
this nice yeah I noticed that you were
gone and I was like oh no man my
favorite you
know left yeah channels I had like 50 or
60 of them so I guess accidentally this
one it's kind of weird that they they
only limit you to like not that many
servers
wait what is there a limit I me I had
like I probably 50 60 I I think I
probably I remember I had to go back in
cuz I was just joining like everyone's
Discord and I remember at one point they
said you cannot join
anymore oh god um no it never happened
to me but I feel like 50 is too many
anyway yeah I know I I need to I need to
drop it because I mean I don't check
like any of them um
yeah same
same yeah okay so what wait you asked
the question though is um how is it
related to the face tracker
so the face tracker is actually kind of
a separate thing there's sort of two
projects that I want
to build out of just like the modeling
that I'm doing one is just like a very
small like thing that can sit on my desk
that when I stream it will follow my
face as I move and that's like a small
thing
um and so that's why I was sort of
interested in just like face recognition
but this project doesn't actually
need face detection because what I'm
going to be doing is I'm going to be
shooting the balls covered in paint at a
canvas so I'm going to try to render an
image onto a canvas by shooting paint
covered Nerf
balls I've seen I think I've seen it
somewhere you have because I was trying
to look for something like that and I've
seen people use a paintball
gun um
before uh but they they haven't done it
robotically they just used like a
paintball gun by
hand and then there's two other videos
on YouTube that I found related to like
automated painting but I haven't seen
anyone use a gun so if you can
find that I would
uh painting with a gun let's see can I
find
actually painting robot yeah actually I
found it on Nidia Channel 14 years ago
wait can can you send it in the
somewhere yeah yeah I sent it oh nice
it's uh 20 seconds in first 20 seconds
wait no way it's
Mythbusters oh wait Nvidia yeah and it's
in Nvidia oh wow no way okay I can't
believe I haven't seen this in the way
that a CPU might do it as a series of
discreet actions performed sequentially
one after the other in and this thing
moves yeah oh my gosh okay so they okay
so this is dude I'm so glad you sent
this to me this is so freaking
cool yeah so I basically want to build
this oh I'm so glad you oh and what I
was going to render first was a smiley
face too that's so funny
that's
incredible
leono looks looks
cool not that useful
but yeah I mean it's cool though it's
mainly just to see if I can do it go
through accum out yeah just make it
bullets and you got it these tubes in
which the bottom of is a paintball each
of those paintballs will fly across
seven ft of space and
Target
hopefully when it's all said and done
it's going to paint the Mona
Lisa this is so painting demonstration
never seen this and
98 7 6 5 4 3 one shot that's insane
1 that is so
good I wonder where ladies gentlemen
science class is now
over I mean it's slow off that you can
count it yeah I could count it yeah I
mean it's probably on the order
of like like 40 by 80 or something yeah
exactly okay wait that's incred dude the
amount of work that went into aligning
and putting all these barrels and stuff
like that is so and and the colors too
oh
man
wow oh oh yeah okay I get why it's CPU
versus GPU yeah that's so fun in the way
that a CPU yeah right okay I wasn't
listening to what he saying one all
right so I'm building a CPU one I'm not
building I'm not building that GPU one
for sure that's GPU On's kind of lame
honestly they just dies a sheer size
that's I mean no but come on you got to
admit that thing is pretty badass look
at how much engineering went into making
I mean I agree with you that it's like
what are you going to do like compared
to the size like look at how small this
is compared to like the massive
monstrosity that this is but me what
what I mean is that you can't just
reprogram it and paint something else a
car going by I couldn't hear you hold on
let me can you say that again all
right I said that it just it's not that
cool because you can't just immediately
reprogram it in seconds and paint
something else like yeah right that's a
good how long would it take to change
the image for the first like CPU one
right it would be like 20 seconds if you
well if you write the software yeah yeah
right yeah yeah yeah for sure um right
because it's literally I mean yeah you
need something that generates the G-Code
but the path planning there is not like
all that hard
I would say this one like well for one
thing the other thing that that one does
that's cool is the the colors but I
wonder if someone had to like
manually yeah cuz I doubt they have an
automatic loader you know what I mean
like I feel like someone had to like put
the bullets
in yeah
yeah I mean look at those look at that
pressure chamber too that is an
insane yeah but I want to definitely
look at this one because this one is a
much more
more uh it just makes more sense yeah it
totally makes more sense especially
because I there's just no way in hell
that I'm going to build that thing this
thing probably cost like like $100,000
to make if not you know I I wouldn't be
surprised if it was in the uh six
digits whereas this I can imagine you
could build for like
$5,000 wait why would it be so expensive
I mean I I don't know about the price of
that like a pressure thing on the back
of it but the the tubes itself they
cheap yeah the yeah I
mean I don't know we need the we right
the
Press G um but no no yeah I that's just
an upper bound I agree with you that
it's it's probably not that high but you
I mean you have to get a lot of these
parts machined and stuff and so cuz like
I mean Pro probably they just
repurposed like a like a pressure thing
like I I could imagine that use some
like milk
farms they use
what like this pressure thing the
pressure tank could be used at milk
farms oh
really
yeah I could imagine this whole thing
would cost your own 20K somewhere in
China oh you're talking about I mean you
could always use it you're talking about
the big
one yeah yeah
yeah yeah but obiously a small one
because like what it doesn't make any
sense how could you use it yeah well
just just a
toy well there are a number of
applications I
mean I mean
yeah really I mean like well I could I
could see it's shooting Depot but I
don't think that's legal yeah yeah it's
super illegal if you especially if you
put like a real firearm on it that's a
felony in
America um oh
[__] uh but if you put a paintball on it
it's actually I don't think it's illegal
um it's only illegal if it's a lethal
firearm and paintballs aren't considered
lethal
oh I could see used like uh making it
small attaching it to to the Drone and
like shooting crowns on your farm yeah
exactly that's what I was thinking of is
is and that is actually is pretty common
I was just watching a video on that
yesterday is to to keep birds and
animals from eating your crop you have
like a automated scarecrow type of thing
sometimes they shoot water though they
don't shoot like pellets because then
you have to kind of clean them
up but water is like fine wait you could
shoot beans I guess dried beans yeah
yeah that's actually
hilarious oh oh sorry I meant to say not
beans but peas like you know the green
ones
because they're yeah spherical for sure
um yeah so okay so this is like
definitely oh God wait I'm sorry it it
just reminds me of the this game uh
plant versus zombies right oh yeah there
was a thing that was hiden plant versus
zombie was oh that's such a good game I
haven't played it in probably 15 years
but on my on my iPad or my iPod Touch I
used to play that all the
time yeah it was a fun game um I wonder
what those de who made that was like pop
cap or no
uh what who who made that game what is
pop oh yeah it was pop cap I wonder what
else they made oh they got bought by EA
okay oh yeah they made Beed that's right
they made Beed I don't know if you ever
played
that ah I didn't think I have I probably
I have but I just don't remember what it
was no Plants versus Zombies is
definitely their best game
okay so yeah I just want to look at this
assembly for a second so they have
pretty similar to what I have
except let's see do they show have
better shot of this thing and he going
to paint it's a bit less of right it's a
what I mean Roberto right like weo from
F have you seen it I've seen Futurama
but a long time
ago oh yeah the stabbing
guy no no wait wait at Roberto 2.0 like
a version
2.0 oh he was in a corner but yeah yeah
this guy I don't remember this episode
yeah yeah it just it reminds me of your
thing really everything just slapped on
the top of it yeah like those his eyes
right you you also have this similar
thing
what episode was this in I want to to
find it cuz I feel like I saw the whole
show wait I think it was an old one oh I
think that new episode's coming out oh
really they're still making futureama oh
you know what I think I heard about that
they like yeah they like resurrected it
like a year ago with uh I think most uh
voice Act is actually Regional ones oh
that's so
good yeah but yeah know I just don't
find it funny anymore just I guess it's
either me or just jokes just changed I
don't know yeah yeah no I
I yeah yeah I understand what you're
saying are the do you still find the old
episodes funny though or is it just like
in general it's not some of them are
pretty funny
but yeah I haven't seen it in I probably
watched it in middle school which is
like yeah like 15 years
no no not 15 Pro like uh 10 like like 11
or 12 years ago so my my sense of humor
has changed a
lot but I I still like Futurama
like uh what are some good bits from
it I can't really remember I I I always
like the episode where they like where
Bender M becomes made of wood and he
becomes like an anti-
technologist yeah and there was a guy
who that put insert like a audio kiss
hat inside of him to to play
sound wait I didn't catch that maybe I
should get headphones yeah yeah it would
get on the on the island right and there
was a guy that would insert like audio
Cass and inside of him to play a sound
yeah yeah right I forgot about that what
episode is that uh wood
Bender I also there was movie there was
like a couple movies that were on
Netflix and I watch those yeah
absolutely fabulous season
4 oh yeah I forgot about the mom's
friendly robot oh yeah I love the
anchovies episode where like the the
Genome of anchovies have been completely
decimated by
Zoidberg do you know what I'm talking
about I don't think I do proba I forgot
about that let me just get
off yeah oh yeah and Fry becomes like
the richest uh guy but then he spends
all his money
yeah this one I
remember I really like this episode
let's see this was uh yeah this was
season
one oh man what a good
show The Simpsons is also I think yeah
sorry go ahead I think I somehow missed
one about the
intro I just I don't remember yeah
let me just look at all the
episodes oh
yeah oh
yeah damn it's so
I know
yeah oh yeah zap bran again
yeah okay
um all right that's enough few
drama um okay yeah I want to look at
this painting robot this thing is insane
the way that a CPU might do it as a
series of discreet actions perform sequ
I mean the amazing thing is that this
thing is on a d a tri two one I
mean it could be like two parts
right yeah yeah but I mean I
mean uh I mean I don't know I just
probably just me I just don't find it as
fascinating as you do like there are
like already like toys you can buy to
build something on top of it and they're
pretty cheap yeah there's this you know
like a t looking things like RC to toys
yeah uh you know you know Mark
Rober no okay he he's just a big
YouTuber but he has this company and
they made this let's see uh Sentry
turret crunch crunch okay okay I I think
think I do know what you're talking
about now yeah yeah he's pretty through
the side of the mountain piece and
thec yeah yeah so uh yeah so you can
just buy this thing and it's basically
what what I'm
building um the the thing that for me is
mainly the challenge of having to design
and model everything myself that's more
why I find it interesting it's just sort
of like an arbitrary goal that you have
to accomplish on your
own but I mean yeah because I would I
would probably just steal design like
you I just check how it works and like
even stealing the design there's still
so much like like this design is not
yeah no
like this is a a lot of this is just
stolen ideas of like how to put it all
together but then like you have to like
get the parts and you have to like write
the
software
um and then they look like look at this
big slip ring I I actually don't know if
they're using a slip ring maybe they're
just it's just a board board hole but
you can't really tell everything that
they're doing and then I don't know what
this yellow thing is on the
front and then they have to control the
feed of the ball like like they control
every shot and I that's the part that
I'm struggling with right now is
like this Hopper up here has a little
motor in it that spins the balls into a
channel I mean it's it's a lot easier
well they basically took apart a
paintball gun and then they have the
full assembly of a paintball gun so
that's maybe I should just use
compressed air
because right now I don't you no right
now I have like two wheels so
like these wheels they spin uh in
opposite directions really fast and then
the the width of the ball is less than
the width between these
flywheels um and so then it compresses
the ball a little bit and then the
friction force allows it to propel
forward so if you look at
if you look at like a like a pitching
machine actually does anyone even play
baseball in uh Poland is that a big
sport in
Poland no yeah that didn't that
definitely does not sound like a big
sport uh but anyways if you know what a
here I'll just look up pitching machine
so basically it's
a is is it like a toy for dogs that like
throws a ball to them no it's um it's if
you want to practice
baseball um you yeah yeah yeah yeah so
people usually use those for dogs here
uh they're usually smaller yeah yeah um
but so anyways this is like a
syst and then based on the the different
speeds of the three flywheels you can uh
add a spin to the ball so you know when
people actually pitch in baseball they
they throw it with a like a curve ball
or a fast ball and so with different
speeds on the the motors you can
um you can control that the nice thing
about is it is it
ACC
what I mean the thing like how can
you how can you control where you want
to shoot so this thing yeah you just
have to point it that's the that's the
thing that's
annoying okay so you you use like
additional motors to move it
horizontally and vertically right to aim
it so yeah so you don't move
horizontally and vertically because then
you would need a Gantry system that runs
on
Rails uh instead what you do is you have
I mean you do tilted you tilted yeah
right exactly you you rotate this and
then you rotate this unfortunately this
um unfortunately I just did the joints
wrong in this program and it doesn't
work but this one this one works and so
yeah you just move it like
that yeah I got it um what what is this
pink thing on on a side is it the motor
yeah so this is called a stepper
motor and um steer motor what you doing
huh stepper motor what are you doing
what do you mean what does it mean oh
stepper motor uh so uh yeah a step motor
is um let's see if we can find a
cross-section um essentially a stepper
motor is I think just like a normal
motor except it has way
more poles or something so you can you
can very accurately control steps it so
you know in normal DC motors when you
provide a current to it you don't really
have any idea of how far you've gone
yeah but this you can say I want to move
50 steps or like you know and you can
control that um the thing that my
stepper Motors don't have though that's
would be really useful which something
called a servo motor has the problem is
Servo Motors don't have full well a lot
of cheap Servo Motors that you buy they
don't have full 360 they only turn like
180 but these have what's called closed
loop feedback so they have a little uh
potentiometer in there that's basically
allows them to know exactly how far
they've gone so the problem with a
stepper motor is that if you if you try
to have it control more torque than it
can handle the motor will stall but the
thing is the program that you're running
doesn't have any feedback that the motor
stalled so it will think that it's moved
250 steps when in actuality it didn't it
didn't move at all because it was trying
to move something too heavy
got it and so that's actually the
problem that I had is uh is that this Mo
this small motor trying to move this the
whole weight of these motors and and
this whole assembly it just stalls so
like right when it gets up to the part
where it's like sort of heaviest it just
falls back down and it can't it can't
complete the the aiming so it can't stay
upright which is a big
problem
um so you going to replace the motor
what yeah so I have these new Motors I
don't know if you're watching the twitch
stream but these uh these motors I do I
do okay yeah so these are called
brushless motors and I won't really get
into the difference the the main thing
is that they're they're lower friction
and
um well the these are these are
basically drone Motors so I have these
and I tested out maybe two streams ago
uh uh a flywheel and I actually got this
cool sensor we were talking about this a
minute ago called this magnetic sensor
and I was able to calculate that these
are probably running at Max throttle
somewhere between 7 to 10,000
RPM which you can then use to calculate
the the
um uh you can use to calculate the um T
What's called the tangential velocity so
basically how how fast is this flywheel
let me just do a quick join so that you
can get a better picture of
this okay so uh so this wheel is
spinning at the end and you want to know
at this Rim how fast is it moving not in
like radians per second but meters per
second and so you basically just
multiply the the RPM or the basically
the angular velocity by the uh the
diameter or the radius and I was able to
calculate that at I think 10,000
RPM the tangential velocity for I made
this smaller but originally it had 80 mm
uh diameter that the output velocity of
the cuz this tangential velocity if you
assume that the ball does not slip
basically as the ball enters there's no
slippage going on it's it's basically
tracking and rolling along this thing uh
that the out that the output velocity of
the ball is equal to the tangential
velocity of this wheel and you get about
40 m/ second which is
not terrible I have yet to do the
experiment on the brush DC motors but
I'm fairly certain that the brush DC
motors are
faster uh but they're so heavy that I
you
know are those also Stamper Motors no so
these are called uh brushless DC motors
and these are called brushed DC
motors um and um wait wait but then you
don't know how how many degrees rotate
it no well but the thing is these their
purpose is just to go fast and spin they
don't need to move in a controlled
manner
really I understand but don't you need
your M to move any controlled manner
well the main control that I would need
is I need to control the RPM I need to
make sure that the the speed of this
flywheel is the same as the speed of
this flywheel otherwise I'll con convey
a spin on the ball and I want it to go
straight down
so um but I don't need to I don't need
to say to these motors move 90 or like
something like that I mean just need to
say go this
fast because um yeah I honestly don't
really understand
why uh okay so let's where where would
it be wait oh wait wait now I understand
uh were those like brushless mots be on
top yeah so these this assembly is going
to go up on top
here oh right reping these you wanted
to got it got it it's at first I thought
that you were about to replace um the
one on the side the big one with no no I
uh I'm I'm probably not going to do that
because if I want to aim at the corner
or the center of the canvas I need to
know
exactly how much to move yeah that's why
yeah that's why I asked you because yeah
yeah okay no yeah that that's a good
question and actually these step Motors
are pretty much what every 3D printer
uses to control its movement because
it's so hard to yeah you know yeah makes
sense um wait but but don't you have to
replace it because it's stolen right now
because it's too
weak yeah I mean you you previously
mentioned that it was stallen right and
so it's stallen and because it didn't
have the so these motors cause it to
stall but these motors are probably half
as heavy
so I'm pretty sure that with the new
assembly I'll be able to lift all
right got it got it so instead of
replacing the motor you just made the
whole assembly lighter right I mean I
yeah right exactly because I have in my
Amazon cart some bigger motor bigger
stepper Motors because they sell you
know basically every shape and size a
stepper motor that you can imagine oh
and by the way one extra thing is
there's actually two stepper Motors
right right one for each axis of
rotation so there's one on the bottom to
control this and then there's one on the
the
top yeah yeah makes sense
um
um yeah so I'm basically just in the
process of Designing this and the the
first thing that I'm going to do
actually
because I mean for me I have a stupid
question yeah what is it
wouldn't the whole assembly be lighter
if you replace how Motors are located so
okay so the tilting motor would be
underneath the rotating
motor wait
um let's just Define some terms so this
direction is called uh pan or yaw and
then this direction is called pitch or
tilt so which one so you're talking
about the Tilt okay so if the okay so D
how do I explain
it uh all
right d so hard
um yeah it was bold so if those
connections had names like a b c d okay
the thing that yeah oh no go ahead yeah
I was yeah unfortunately I designed this
in a software that doesn't have a
collaborative oh actually it does I
could invite you I could you could join
this design if you want like actually
but I would yeah but I would need toload
auto desk Fusion uh yeah you're right
you're right yeah see that's why I I
need to switch to on shape because on
shape works in the browser and then you
could just join and click on things but
that's just that's for another okay let
me just explain in the most lame in
terms I can write because that's what I
am you see this huge blue wheel
right yeah
it's lagging in bit for me yeah so
imagine if the middle of it was
connected to your base
instead the the the center of it was
connected to the
base yeah so um imagine that your base
right would be this green thing that is
standing on top of the um how do how do
I explain the color this green bluish
thing that would be your base right oh
God I'll just Define the names of some
of these parts so that so that I know
exactly what you're talking about so I
call this thing the pink uh the bottom
plate I call this the top plate and then
these are just gears so you're saying
Mount this gear to the bottom
plate uh oh God okay you know what I
have an idea what if I just paint oh
yeah instead
yeah um where's my disc let me
just I want to close stuff
here uh T dra
right
okay you had it a blue oh no I wanted to
make it more fat I guess no
can you see that yeah yeah I can see it
yeah hey awesome uh do we have this
thing that is like your B oh was it pink
I think was pink that's not you oh yeah
you won't be able to see it cuz I'm
watching your
uh I can go back to it yeah can you just
go back for a second yeah can you just
go back for a
second uh oh yeah it was [__] oh and
the motor is inside of this base right
yeah
yeah yeah yeah so here's what I meant so
instead of the pink and the bottom here
we have the engine right and then this
uh green how do I call it like the frame
or whatever and then you have
the wheel here right and the motor
somewhere I guess here makes sense right
yeah and then you have this whole thing
on top
so kind of makes sense so what I was
asking is what if you do it in reverse
so you have the base green right okay
yeah
uh then you have this thing here kind of
like that yeah but then the the thing
that rotates rotates the horizontally
right would be here I see yeah no that's
actually a very good question
uh I don't think there's any reason why
I couldn't do that and I haven't tried
it but that could
be that could be the right way to do it
let me think about that
yeah what you Avo is that your green
base thing that like holds to those uh
axis it's on the ground it's not the
part of the assembly that is
rotating right
um the only thing that worries me is how
do you connect the horizontal AIS to the
like this bit right here I'm not sure
how it would
work oh man that's breaking my break the
pro the problem for me and the reason
why oh is breaking everything yeah well
no no I mean it's this is why doing this
project is so fun because I've never
designed anything mechanical before so
it's like so hard for me to visualize
but it would be a good idea to try tilt
and then yaw as as opposed to
um yeah first going this way and then
going that
way let me
think um I your base would be much
heavier obviously because
uh I'd mount it with bolts to something
but yeah right it needs to be very
stable on the ground I
agree
um let me just like try to sketch
something out on my on my
paper okay so you start off with this L
bracket and then you have the stepper
motor and this is just the
ground and then this
rotates something in a
bearing this is a gear
this is a
gear
and because the thing that tilts it also
doesn't need to make a full circle
because it doesn't make sense right it
just tilts like I don't know 30 40
degrees how you yeah yeah the Tilt The
Tilt yeah maybe maybe 70 at maximum but
yeah it it's definitely doesn't need be
um yeah yeah so you don't need the fancy
thing with the with wires there we only
need it in turn
in hold on I'm trying to concept I'm
trying to visualize this thing it's
um so you have
tilt but now how do you how do you get
it what what do the what does it look
like when you turn it side to side is
the
question okay yeah let's just say that
there's like a big
plate that has bars coming out of it and
those bars connect to the the so yeah
one thing to say is that in here there
are bearings which can allow it to
rotate freely so that's all I'm thinking
about right now is these the
bearing
things I mean those wouldn't be that big
because that would block the side then
it would the big wheel this blue wheel
would need to be
small wait
what uh because Imagine That Could you
pleas zoom out bit yeah
yeah uh because imagine that instead of
the steel thing is still a proper way to
explain the color I hope you have
the uh so when the this ping base uh
rotates for the quarter of the circle
then your gun points to the this huge
blue got what was it gear right and it
just blocks the S of it
okay I'm having I'm having give me give
me a minute I gotta think about this so
okay so let's just say that we had
instead of this whole thing if we turn
off let's see
uh this so instead of that we have a
gear here and we have a big platform
that can rotate or that can that can
rotate wait I have an idea I have an
idea could you please add this thing
back and I will just add it in a paint
or something oh is it oh it's this
okay could you please zoom out a bit so
the whole thing is easily there we go
invisible awesome let me just screenshot
the whole
thing then let me just go to te draw oh
God it's so small here okay uh here I'm
um I'm like w I'm screen sharing I guess
yeah check this out
out I grab this
thing I have two of them now they
multiplying look what I'm doing here
yeah I need to I need to rotate it
obviously because that would be be our
base
boom
um now oh no I cannot I cannot erase it
like wait why did you flip it upside
down uh because the top serves as a as a
base I mean okay I I could also do this
oops the
video I mean I could probably do this
thing
also CA because you're saying make that
um attached to the
bearing yeah now this thing in the
bottom does not exist yeah yeah right
that's a
basee so and now the only thing that
actually is affected by two Motors right
that needs to turn yeah right is that
top part this thing yeah yeah and you
can directly mounted this on this base
um yeah the okay so this thing this
thing this wheel this gear needs to be
smaller because let's imagine that we
have like a gun here right yeah and it
like a if it's pointing at us or from us
right in the opposite side nothing
really wrong with it but when we rotate
it and it starts pointing into the gear
it's like yeah it blocks our well so
yeah that's that's actually something I
ran into and so I had to make this thing
taller so that it didn't hit the gear so
as it stands the current
design if this thing well okay I see
what you're saying yeah yeah yeah yeah
you just have to be aware of
that yeah yeah so if you could make the
gear say small so it would fit on the
side of the base
right um or something like that just or
just make the uh gun on top of it right
so we can like stick out yeah because
the thing is the gear being that size is
determines the mechanical advantage that
you have so yeah yeah I understand I
understand okay yeah um so I'd have to
see yeah I mean you could also make this
small gear then the big gear then small
gear but the big the small gear would
have the uh I don't know the appropriate
term so we have would have the same
rotation as yeah yeah right it would
move in the same direction
yeah
um okay that would probably to redesign
everything would like I'm I'm sorry I'm
talking about the gear that would not
affect it like there is a I just I don't
remember the propriate torum for the
gear so there like a big gear right yeah
and then you have a small gear that
rotates with this this gear but it's
like inside of it oh yeah
yeah uh that's usually called like a a
planetary gear or like a um like the
outer one would be called a ring gear um
because the teeth are on the inside of
it
um yeah because you I've seen the thing
that you could like connect those two
things here and uh this one would rotate
with the same uh speed whatever uh so
yeah you could just displace this whole
big wheel a bit lower then because the
thing would be somewhere I don't know
somewhere on top of
it oh wait are you saying that this
outer gear rotates okay okay um yeah so
you don't have to sacrifice the right
the mechanical advantage
yeah yeah yeah cuz and it and it would
be lower like it would allow you to
place it a bit lower Because the actual
thing that would move this this this
base this platform would be on top of
this gear somewhere I don't know I'm not
any good but it's just my imagination
that's how I would probably try to do
that
honestly okay I'm so deep into the
current design but I mean at some point
I would love to try to do
uh tilt and then pan as opposed to pan
then tilt
but it takes so
much yeah I mean it would take me
probably
like 10 hours to do this just because
even though I have all these designs I
would probably need to start from
scratch yeah yeah I understand yeah that
just would be my first idea because
you're just trying to avoid this whole
junk of stuff on top of it yeah it's
like a lot of stuff going on no yeah I
mean and the thing is it's heavy that's
the main problem
problem it's very heavy yeah let me look
at how they The MythBusters did it did
they do oh they they did it the same way
you did right I think I think yeah so
they pan and then they
tilt yeah yeah because is definitely
simpler this one is a lot
simpler
yeah did they I want to show I want to
see some more pictures of this thing
because
realistically this you might do it as a
series of action performed sequentially
one after the other in three two dude
I'm so glad you showed me this video I
cannot believe that i' had never seen
this let me speed it up probably they
had like a behind the scenes episode
where they show how how they build it
or yeah let's
see who there is 10 minutes
video we're and there's a lot of
conf all right yeah there is actually 10
minutes video
let oh here we go yeah and then we get a
side view of It kind
of there's
[Music]
the oh okay wait they do a calibration
step yeah this is exactly what I wanted
to
do there we go you got to a little bit
to the right
okay oh oh oh oh
wait that's pretty are you guys ready
you want to see
this
second I love this crowd or should I go
up oh yeah you got to move forward sorry
that's our Mark okay come on no you got
to come on in yeah hold on But first you
got to come on in
jeez come on you going to move forward
see that's your mark okay okay now you
got to move down to the
right it's just like this on the show so
they Ed to make it faster what do you
think see okay here we
go oh they didn't it's too zoomed in I
wanted to see this front part I really
want to see that yeah let me just check
you know it's it says it's in place but
I like
to okay I like to draw look good to me
AR so you turn off the other one yeah
turn off the other one I turn that one
okay remember
in three 2
1 let me speed it
up that thing is so badass wait is that
really how fast it goes that's like more
than one per second that is really
good that is so freaking cool this for
demonstrating the GPU and the immense
power it has to do parallel processing
to do high quality Graphics we wanted to
paint something
more huh I mean if that was
the I mean if you really wanted to make
it Master good right well I don't know
but basically right now my goal is a 100
by 100
um uh
pixel uh image that I render and that
means that that's 10,000 shots that I
need to fire assuming one pixel per
so there's a lot of unknowns in how to
actually accomplish this and we realized
the answer was staring Us in the face we
named him Leonardo we painted a smiley
face what's the most famous smiley face
in the
world the Mona Lisa exactly there we are
there she
is let's see if there's this
crosssection there's no real good
like image of this front
assembly I want to see if there's a
um this is probably just going to be
about the difference between CPU
and yeah what a worthless
okay hold on I'm going to run to the
restroom
yeah
e
e e
well are you still
there let me um I I uh the reason why I
noticed that you were off my Discord is
I wanted to send you this thing
um yeah uh okay wait so I don't know
it's in it's in my Twitter likes uh let
me just find it on my
phone basically it was just this random
thing about the uh the Polish American
vote apparently has been right on
predicting the uh the winner of the US
elections like 92% of the time it's like
so let me see
what I think there's a chart in here oh
yeah okay all right was there like a
stat or a poll or how to how was it
calculated I I honestly don't
know but this is the this is the chart
that I saw on Twitter it's like
um did you send me somewhere huh oh wait
oh wait I B never mind um you see it
yeah
so so this just shows
like uh like polish Americans voted 74%
for woodro Wilson and he won then Warren
Harding Calvin Co they they won from
1916 to
52 this one was a really close one and
then Biden Trump Obama I mean
all all interesting um oh these are
results for Polish Americans in the city
of Chicago only okay so that's kind of a
you
know huge subset but uh or a small
subset but
um that's pretty
interesting yeah I mean it's it's not
that interesting in cases where you had
like 90 80 70% just sounds like yeah but
but but when but when they were close
like say
something then yeah it's wait um what
are those things on the right is it the
opponent percentage Yeah yeah exactly
this this is the other candidate and how
much percentage they
got oh I see I see
now W it was pretty big on like what's
it called third party third
candidate what
5442 yeah so so it was like what 4% for
like all the candidates yeah
exactly but see in this case oh look at
that 2012 it's
big oh yeah wow that that is
big I wonder who they went for who was
the
independent yeah 12%
oh yeah g wait
gray oh gray was the VP yeah I think it
was Gary
Johnson who is this the green party Jill
Stein that's right Jill Stein she's so
funny I have no idea who all those
people are
yeah I mean you got to be involved in
you gotta like I mean I don't even care
about politics but I remember that
election I
mean I know the big names here in the L
yeah dude this show this shows my
American ignorance do you guys vote
what's what's the deal do you guys have
a
president yeah okay wait do you but what
is the like is it a is it parliamentary
or do you also have um like a three a
three house type of thing that we have
or three three house I honestly I have
no idea what three three house no three
house is not the right term um I meant
three branch you have an executive brand
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but but it's
not really American thing isn't it like
more Latin thing or like Greek thing I'm
not sure where it's coming from but it's
old it's like thousand years old
um okay yeah let's let's let me ask GPT
what's the history of you ask like
executive range right yeah legislative
and and uh uh uh legislative executive
and then Court I forget what
the Yeah Yeah Yeah I mean it's SS
but okay separation monu and the 18th
century but does
it yeah no I think I think this thing is
our thing man
judicial that's what I was thinking of
judicial does the IDE no branches of
government is
old but like and probably there's the
idea of having three of them oh yeah
yeah maybe yeah yeah I think the
specifically the three the separation of
powers of having courts executive power
and legislative power is the American
thing but yeah yeah because no because
like um the UK they had the House of
Commons the House of Lords so there was
like
a and then the king of course so they
did have two I
guess the what is it called the uh the
parliament wait but that's not exactly
thing that's not exactly the thing
because you also have
junges that is true yeah there must have
been judges
yeah definitely I mean that's that
just yeah that just the first one the I
just
Branch um
oh yeah the judicial branch is based on
the British common law
tradition but the concept of judicial
review the power of Courts to declare
laws
unconstitutional oh wow it's only 1803
20 20 years 30 years after that's very
interesting okay we've gone on a crazy
tangent here um uh okay so anyways going
from this whole big thing to what I'm
doing right now is a very small thing I
don't know if you're watching the video
but this is the part that I'm going to
be modeling I have this thing which if
you can see it has
slits down the edge of it yeah and then
you put on oh you know what I found hey
um Aristotle in his work politics
Aristotle categorizes governments in
three types oh really and he introduces
the idea
that uh different entities should
balance different functions a
deliberation execution and how do I even
pronounce it ad
justication oh wow wait okay okay yeah
Aristotle did discuss concept related
Powers Yeah though he did not develop a
distinct theory of separation of powers
so what what was that thing that is
pretty amazing in Aristotle's politics
in the 4th Century yeah I mean these
idea that's the funny thing about
studying history and I don't study
history as much as I feel like would be
good for me but like these ideas are so
old
it's kind of amazing that literally like
you know if you round 2,000 years ago
they were thinking about the same thing
that we're working with today just
interesting they maybe know as intricate
but yeah yeah yeah right I mean okay so
um so going back so there's four parts
that we need to model the first part is
this thing called the call it and this
basically uh goes on the shaft and then
allows you to interface with the shaft
and this is something that's cool about
you know when you're writing code you
have to interface with other libraries
but when you're dealing with something
mechanical you have to interface with
the shaft and so the way that you do
that typically with a d shaft so if I
look at a d
shaft you can see that in a dsha oh wait
I have to
um you still have a
the yeah I set a cam on the on my face
yeah so you have a cylinder and then
you've cut out a slot onto it and
typically the way that you interface
with this is you use a set
screw and so you um you put something
around the shaft and then you basically
have this
thing go
onto the flat and then you screw it
on uh and that's actually what I use
in oh wait in here so if you look at
this this 3D printed gear has a Hub on
it and in there goes a nut and then a
bolt and so then that locks in place on
the D shaft but when I bought this
[Music]
motor it came with this which is a
collet which allows you to interface
with a cylindrical shaft as opposed to a
DFT so I'm I'm modeling this right now
and then on top of it goes this piece
which I'll model and that goes on top of
here like that then you put in what
you're you know in in the case of this
actual part you put in like a propeller
or in my case the flywheel and then on
top of that goes this other
washer and then finally a standard hex
bolt a hex nut and so then you have your
locked in place so the only reason I
need to model this is um I need to know
the exact height of this thing so that I
can build the feeder appropriately cuz
this just putting it on here and having
it touch this is not the correct height
and I need the correct height so we are
going to model
this um and so let me just okay so I
have a plan let me just save this is
call it
assembly and right now maybe I should
just call it the call it because I don't
to do too much I'm I'm sorry where does
it go it goes onto the top of this shaft
so you slide this on and then when you
tighten that hex
nut um it clamps it it clamps down these
little these little slits onto the shaft
so then it's really tight on there and
there's a super high friction so that
you're not going to slip CU you want to
prevent you want to prevent this thing
from spp slipping independently of the
rotation of the shaft so when you
tighten this bolt these things compress
onto the
shaft so we just need to slide this
thing on here but the first thing we
need to do is model it
so here's how I'm going to do it I need
I have my calipers which is like the
most handy freaking tool for doing
this
um and I'm going to just measure the
diameter of the cylinder
I have to what's the purpose of it again
the of the call
it uh of this whole thing on top of the
motor on top of it okay well what does
it achieve it okay so what what really
attaches to this thing is this spinning
disc this flywheel and this flywheel
allows me
to um shoot the ball basically because
the the ball makes contact right because
it goes on top of it right right yeah um
okay so this is like
s it's probably a metric screw but I
honestly don't
know okay so let's just do so it needs
to be properly fixed on top
or oh oh
W okay wait and let me just get the
height of this thing
so the other thing to note is that when
you use one of these it has what's
called a depth gauge so it has three
measurement things it has the outer
diameter the outer measurement which you
can use to measure you know oops
something like this
wait something like how do I get a good
angle like that but then you can measure
the inside of something so if I want to
measure the inside of that I can use
this this
part and get the inside of that then I
can also if I want to measure the depth
of
something you can go like
this can you see you can't really see it
but this is how you do
it and then I can get it to the right
spot um so that's just how does it also
display it on the the thing yeah
displays it
here can't really see it yeah because
because I didn't really get the depth
how does it how does it understand where
you like wellou to the
end well this thing is connected to this
so as
the as this piece
rolls I actually don't really know how a
caliper works I mean that's a good point
but if you can see here there's a rail
on the back and this rail connects to
the depth
gauge so then as this gets pushed out I
didn't feel get the depth cuz oh sorry
it's just lagging a bit okay
yeah
um okay so that's seven I just didn't
get the depth because it just looked
like it didn't touch
the oh that
sound okay
um well let's see what is the
total 3
two cuz the total thing is
um okay I'm trying to figure figure this
out
uh okay so should we just extrude this
by
32 I don't think so I think what I want
to do is extrude it by the distance to
the
which I'm just going to make an estimate
it doesn't really have to be
perfect all right so I'm going to say
that's 27 so we're going to extrude this
by
27 okay
then uh that means that this thing up on
top of there is going to be five
more so um so the first thing we're
going to do is we are going to create
create thread and we're going to see how
far the thread part goes with the depth
gauge or actually we could just use
this 17 so then this should
be 10 okay so we're going to say that
this does not go full length but instead
it goes
17 and then M8 but it's probably
probably M8 by one so that and by one
means that the distance from one Peak to
the next is 1 mm I
think um and then there I don't we don't
need to model a taper or anything so
that's
good then the next thing we need to do
is figure out the the
um well okay let's do this so we are
going to create an offset plane from
this face by five mm then we're going to
draw sketch onto here and this is going
to be the OD
the OD uh let's see the outer diameter
is going to
be it's hard to get
11 yeah let's say
11 okay now I've never done this before
but I think what you want to do is you
want to finish the sketch and then you
want to do a LW
and you want to Loft this to there and
[Music]
then say
okay then on here you want to draw a
sketch and we're going to Ho out let's
see what is the inner diameter here so
let's zero it
again it's
five yeah and you know we can check that
because we oh and you know what's so
cool about modeling is that people have
modeled pretty much everything online so
I didn't model this whole motor this is
way too advanced for something like me I
I cannot dude like the amount of Curves
in here and then these blads and then
this magnets and stuff like this is a
very hard thing to model and then the
cables I I did not do that I downloaded
that um so in here we're going to make a
five is that an exact model of the motor
you use it's Prett yeah it it is it is
it's the exact model that I have flash
hobby D
3536 okay so now we need to know the
depth of how deep this shaft goes so we
can use the depth this is probably a
better better thing to show the depth so
I have in there there's a hole and then
I'm going to put this which extends
down yeah zero it again zero okay then
I'm I'm just going
to go until it hits the bottom it says
14 so we're going to now extrude this
down minus
14 so now we have the hole in there and
then the last thing that we have to do
is the
slits and the
slits I believe I can
do um I can do this this I can draw on
this face and then how thick are they
this is going to be so since they're so
thin it's going to be hard
to I don't know they're probably
like yeah sure let's just say 04
millimeters so what we're going to do is
um we're going to draw I got to go oh
you got to go no you're good dude it's
fun
chatting and I will it's not like it's
too late it's just that yeah yeah yeah
for
sure all right peace out man yeah I just
have some plans tomorrow yeah see you
bye my boy Ola man the freaking
OG okay so
um what do we have to do is we have
to because if I draw it from oh
wait um how do I want to do this if I
make
a construction line wait wait LX if I
make a construction line from here to
here and then I make a rectangle here to
here oh
wait okay this is
04 and then what is locked the okay so
that point is
coincident then we want this and this to
be midpoint yeah right I always I hate
midpoint because
oh wait you know what we can
do there's this we can delete this
coincident constraint we can say that
this and this are like
that and then that this and this are
midpoint damn
it hold on we move this
in I believe if I can do this though
right okay
cool so now we select this and this
little sliver
here and there is a little sliver there
so we actually
can't it's probably that
one let's make another line
because I want it to be exact for no
reason at all I could just make it
unconstrained but I kind of want to say
that this and this point
are that okay so now we can select and
extrude down and I forgot what I said
the amount is
um we want to oh wait wait we want to do
this and this extrude it and then let me
measure
eight okay then we are going to do a
circular pattern of a feature which is
this
Extrusion
and the axis is going to be
can I select
that and then there's four of
them awesome dude that's sick we have a
call
it so now
wait where did I save that
to
okay now it's the
washer so this one should be
easy it's just going to be
okay
17 12 and a
half or wait wait first we need to
oh actually wait hold
on this is kind of interesting
because this thing is tapered it's inner
diameter at the top is not the same as
the inner diameter at the
bottom so we need to do a lofted hole so
this is eight at
the it's eight and then it's
like 10 and a half so at the part where
it's this is only
eight oh wait so let's um instead of
doing this we're just going to extrude
this by
the 3.3
okay
then we are going to
uh 12 and a half that's right so now on
here
12.5 and then the height of that
5.2 the height of this whole thing is
eight 3.3 8 minus
3.3 wait
what this whole thing is eight
this is 3.3 then that has to be 4.7 I
don't know how I messed that up oh yeah
it's
4.7 okay now we draw a circle on here
that is 10 and a
half then we finish the sketch and we
draw a circle on here that's
eight now we draw take these two we
finish the sketch we take these two
profiles and we do a
lot nice I'm not going to do The Ridges
down here
but you
know oh [__] damn it I dude come on bro
why am I so
cringe should I start over should I do
it again I'll do it
again damn that's so annoying
okay all I'll just do the play
through
okay make a circle extrude it Loft hole
circular pattern
it's not that
complicated okay now this part also not
that complicated circle extrude circle
extrude whole hole Lo or I mean circle
circle Loft very
simple okay now let's do the top washer
okay
yeah 17
move was it eight or 10 it was eight
oh can I fill
it just Ty uh this
to uh I don't know how you do
this oh wait wait it's a champer
actually
goes down to like
2.1 wait what is the distance from there
to there it's going to be
uh 17
minus 12.5 I think
wait but then the okay if we say okay
then the distance from here to here is
oh
perfect we did
it no wait we did not do it
oh wait this needs to be over
two there we go now we did
it okay
okay so this is going to be the Callet
top washer which is actually missing on
the second mootor second motor that I
bought which is really
annoying and then I don't even
know should I even model the hex nut I
feel
like I feel like I don't even need to do
that
e
e e
okay I might just not do the fillet at
the end I might just cuz a hex nut is
really easy to
model you know what let's just do it
it's so
easy oh wait I forgot to get my Amazon
packages it's getting to be that time of
year where you got to put on socks and
[__]
[Music]
and I bought another one of these for my
desktop wait actually I kind of want to
go set it up it just got delivered
okay it did not it did not get delivered
other stuff got delivered so I
got a bunch
of
screws self-tapping screws
basically M series self-tapping and
more magnetic encoders because I broke
two of them and I want some unreserved
just in case I break
more
okay all right let's keep modeling
okay
all
yeah the flats distance is
14 then this is
horizontal and
then the circle
should be
eight wait
oh then we can extrude this
by
six okay
awesome okay so this is the call it
X so
now we call it assembly
I'm G to upload
this wait can I just upload them all
separately well let's try to assemble it
I wish I could select multiple but
whatever okay
why can't I right click this there we go
I don't know like
three oh wait
wait wait wait let's redo
this edit this
joint it comes down
until
wait that's
weird why is it off center
why is it off
center what the freak
I'm just going to upload it how it
is what the
[__] what the hell is this nonsense
okay so let's just
um yeah this is
good
e
e e
fantastic
okay it's so weird that it's off center
though I don't get why it's off center
that literally doesn't make any sense to
me
though oh my God I'm a silly goose
I should have seen it there that's so
silly it's just do minus
one wait but is that no but it does it's
definitely not minus
one oh wait wait wait wait wait did I
[__] this up
oh my God I have to post a revision now
am I am I the dumbest son of a [__]
alive this is
1050 oh yeah no that's right so then
what the hell am I
doing oh no I okay I'm just tripping
dude it's still off center is that just
because I didn't press
okay okay but this thing oh yeah so this
thing does not
go it's
like yeah it's like way less than that
this is 1050
and this is or this
is and that's basically what it
is let's do
point2 okay that seems like pretty
accurate
oh wait
can we can we fix this I want to update
this so how do you do it you like
okay wait let's
um we project this
oh
wait how do I get this
triangle oh wait we need a
you can't mirror profiles you have to
mirror wait what
the is there not a line
there e
there we
go
oh you have to do it
from there
how do you do that construct plane at
angle plane through two
edges this and this
oh you have to
do ah
mirror it across this okay now we can
select these two we can finish the
sketch
profile profile s
revolve there we
go now that's more like it
oh where's the hexnut oh wait did
I just delete this
this is fine leave it as
is can you add to an existing grab
CAD dude it's insane they the grab cads
website is just that
nonsense okay so let's reexport the hex
knot to step
and then add the
assembly pictures 3D ball shooter F
encoder bro where's the view button
view you
can't details
nice
oh
but I think I'm going to redo the
assembly
let's do this over again
wait that's not the right
center
oh
e
e e
I hate that you have to press this every
freaking time it's so
ridiculous wait is that the right
yeah e
so I'm just going to start over
oh wait
is it better to fix that to change the
joint let's let's do that so instead of
this we
want oh [__] [__] cancel
why do I keep doing that bro I'm so
silly yeah
yeah oh my God I did it again why am I
doing it again oh my God what is wrong
with me okay I'm not GNA press J I'm not
g to press
J there we go that's
correct okay
all right we're we're good
oh wait but we got to get the um
all right
looking pretty slick if I might say so
myself
[Music]
whoa Mark robers on hinge what the [__]
bro what the
hell dude that's so crazy mark robers on
hinge dude what the what kind of what
the hell why doesn't he have a smoking
hot wife it's just like hella
cool what the [__] I can't believe he
got divorced
dude that's insane
man that's so [__] funny man
what the what kind of tweet is that to
open your what the hell bro okay all
right
um so this is
that should we just
um okay wait so this is going to
be pan uh uh BLC uh pan
L
shooter
okay
for
[Music]
e
e e
okay
okay so what I'm going to do I think is
I'm going to
wait can we just open them
up
wait this is not
okay so let's just insert top plate
then yeah let's just insert top
plate where is top plate can we find
that
for was this just made directly on
here okay so let's just do an insert
drive then
um
I'm pretty sure that
uh this just goes to here
right what is
this weird uh
do we have the motion Link in
here
right wait a
minute wait a
minute what the hell
I am
confused
okay let me just open up that uh
oh but we were going to do this whole
thing of making it taller and stuff like
that or
something I don't remember but so wait
so this gear is just freely
moving this should technically be part
of a top plate assembly though and then
the motion link comes
later okay I'm fine with
that so then
let's don't
save so this wait hold on can I turn off
this
[__] okay so what is
this we need to
I forgot how you do this I always forget
the motion
links so I'm pretty
sure you do is you join this thing to
here flip it then do this click on that
oh wait
oh wait Can we cancel this I'm G to
join
this to
here flip it move this up to
here
okay but we want it to make it revolute
okay but now this is locked in place but
it
turns and then where's my top plate
Perfect all right so now we need to uh
save this and we're going to insert
another component which
is I'm not sure can you do this I'm
curious circular reference that would be
so funny D that' be so funny it just
like crashes oh man
wait what did I just
do Gemini rising how big is your brain
n
[Music]
[Applause]
anybody happy with the
G addiction I can listen to anybody
onest do you preer sunshine or rain tell
me your rain I'll show you where m is I
need to know how open your mind is p how
do you feel about time have you met the
gem
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
um
wait wait um
oh oh oh I'm just
silly no no no this one
also okay
there we
go wait can I play that
again
okay so see how it's off
[Music]
center it's off center because with the
pitch assembly you need space
asymmetrically for the gear
but it's fine so now we just want to
build a new part that goes onto
here
um I'm trying to figure out which C way
the cable should be maybe I want to
rotate this 180 degrees
okay wait let's just freaking build this
this is bothering me so much that I
can't just sit down and build this okay
so what does it need to look
like it needs to look like
uh
let's just draw start drawing stupid
stuff okay as fast as possible just make
this
okay
or no no no let's make it
uh okay ex sh this but I don't know
50 okay so now
yeah 13
maybe what the
hell wait wait wait why didn't that
apply first off but
um we need a wall so let's extrude this
to here and then make that instead minus
70 okay so a little Channel and then on
here basically we're going to
have like
uh can we
just can't copy and paste sketch
elements like that the
profiles um we want it to be
um I
think
40 and then you take these
and then you rest the servo on
there so we actually want to change this
to be like
80 we probably want to change this oops
not that but the Extrusion of
that to be
and then
the is this the right one I think this
is updated
okay so
now oh I mess this up again
okay well we're not doing anything real
this is all just
uh what
oh oh my God okay wait we're going to
open this thing up we going to finally
fix this thing first
off rigid group
it
save let's see if this moves them nice
all
right now we just need to determine the
height of this thing and and we also
need
to put the horn
on do we have the horns where are
they I don't even know where they are
sh
okay
I actually really like this
design
um one thing we have to do is this
sketch I
believe distance between here and here
needs to be
40 actually and I want it to be
um I want it to be
uh now's a tiny bit of
clearance okay so let's find the horn
I feel like
I oh wait I think it might have been in
this maybe they don't have
the the the thing that I want
let's just um
7.5 wait
what oh yeah this face to
9.8
okay this back on at this sketch
wait
what what
okay oh
that's pretty
nice this probably let's make this
uh you can't put in zero that's so weird
that it doesn't just automatically
convert it to like a coincident
thing 50 might be right
doesn't tell me the
distance this point to this 30 so you
need a
and then mounting it is going to be a
challenge um this is going to be
a beater one shot
let's just let's just insert it in here
so I can start to look at it first first
things obvious it needs to be way
taller excuse me
the cables are going to be annoying as
hell
but D I can't believe the MythBusters
did my thing like 15 years
ago it's okay
but that's insane that they built that
GPU thing that thing is so
rad for
how big is your
brain e
we could do a self-tapping thing but we
don't have my self-tapping caps out at
M2
okay but let's just
um no no
wait
what 108
oh so that's going to be a challenge too
is wait why did it go
oh because of how I did
the this might
work okay well that's not going to
work e
contradiction love addiction so what are
we going to do about this
maybe we can move it back
like okay so the okay there's a number
of things the first thing wait let's
save okay the first thing is this
Extrusion needs to be
90 save
it
update okay then
this needs to be five
okay that's incredibly close but it's
not touching
it okay the big unknown is how do we
fasten this thing to the ground
I think this will work
though okay so we just need to figure
out how to fasten
it Design This or
measure the servo horn and then do a
rudimentary design of
it then like make the revolute joint so
we can look overhead and see how it
sweeps it because it needs to
get back to that
point 50
50 maybe that's good
okay
so and
realistically this
can I hide it where is
it the holes are
there the holes are
right
okay the holes are centered along that
that axis but that axis in this case is
not the center of
rotation yeah we have a midplane here
that's nice wait is that a midplane yeah
that's got to be a
midplane between this face and this face
or
something e
um the thing is they're kind of
close Okay so let's do a new one and
this time what we're going to do is
we're going to
insert derive
oh wait no it's it's not
yah it's pitch
maybe I should just design it straight
onto the
thing okay
me
e e
okay so I think that
instead I'm going to disable this
okay so how do we want this thing to
look e
I kind of want to design it as one part
but I could see how I could do it maybe
with two
okay let's start
with
this and again we're just going to do a
sketch wait actually
okay this is the center line so let's
make a
line
here dude it's so annoying that
yeah I don't get how you you have to do
this
this drags it
in I say 70
okay but then we want to do like
a okay first off let's um
um oh but you need the walls
okay so let's do this
does include
that that was such a roundabout cringe
way to do
this um
don't understand
that oh [__]
oh wait but what is the diameter
here 10 that's not going to
work oh you know what
this and this don't get
extruded oh wait but we want to actually
first thing it definitely doesn't need
to go that far
back it's kind of unfortunate cuz what
is the
distance is 30
yeah it's kind of exactly on top of
where we want to
be okay well let's just keep going
because
like I
can't okay so now we have
um is it
this 20 see that's too big
I wonder if we could put
it n yeah that complicates things a lot
also this is oh this is offc Center
bro the offc centeredness is going to be
really annoying actually
because because we need this to be over
This
Plane where's the other
plane
eight so we need to take this and move
this oh wait
we need to move this by
eight it's not joined
right I guess it is
join I don't think by a joint but by
geometry see there's that but
now e
okay well if we
make okay let's look at the sketch again
I feel like this is totally bonked
up yeah with the move after that's so
gonko that's so Lizzy bro it's so gunked
up cuz
um okay so what we need is not this
Center Line we need
to draw a
line
here down make this a construction line
then we need to make the distance
between here and here
measured to be
eight okay now this is our Center Line
so going back to oh we that's the
annoying thing is that you don't
have I don't know can you click on the
mirror yeah that's the problem is you
don't have parametric sketches really
it's all just in this sketch but all
these mirrors
are but
whatever oh wait wait wait this needs to
be
um
okay okay so I I feel like I'm ready to
start this over so what we're going to
do is we're going to just undo literally
everything about
this okay so the first thing we're going
to do so we're going to make a
line here we're going to make it
horizontal then we are going to make the
distance from here to
here what the
hell okay we're going to make this a
construction
line and then
now let's just start on this
side so if we draw a
rectangle this is going to be the this
is going to be both and then we're going
to add a line
I don't know I'm picking random numbers
oh wait wait no we need this to be like
20 because we need we need a
line no
wait so this is 15 that's kind of high
actually
but what
whatever um so okay so we extrude this
by five oh wait we need to project
this dude
what the flip
wait how did we get that to be so
wait these are
not what
25 that's actually kind of
perfect that's so goofy bro that's so
goofy whatever we just want something
that works you can always improve on it
but like just getting something that
works is so
hard we're going to draw a sketch on
this
face we're going to project this
that's so freaking
stupid what the
hell I'm also gonna just do some random
[__]
here e
just so I can get my damn finger in
there is making this one part the
stupidest thing ever maybe I can PR it
from
here
um wait did I make it 30 here or did I
make it 20
25 I made it 26 so that's actually
really good that's pretty close to what
I had excuse me so
um can we hide this thing whatever so on
here we're going to make a sketch and
we're going to
project this and we're going to project
this now we're going to make a center
and we are going to also do another one
I
guess we could because we could do
this oh yeah so that's stupid
we could do why don't we do
this take this extrude this to there
now we're ready for oh wait now we
should just put it on this side not even
that
crazy how long is this I feel like this
is shorter than the other
58 70 right
80 and we even have a little back stop
here for the wall
um oh wait why is my gain so low yo yo
yo I think it's using the wrong
microphone it's probably the uh hello
it's probably something
oh wait that was
it
hello
hello hello no wait why is it so low
hello hello
hello it's like way way lower than it
normally is I mean this is It's never at
Max
um am I just normally talking way louder
I feel like this is
weird
anyways let's just get on with
it wait 58 do we even have enough
room yeah we
should okay so let's do it again
this could be coincident with
that oh wait
should be 40 right
okay so first thing
oh
um for
so let's undo this Extrusion and just
keep editing
this
wait is that equal
no that's
vertical
oh wait what this and this oh wait not
parallel okay
what is constraining
that that's
weird okay I'm just going to undo all of
this I don't like the copy and paste of
sketch geometry oh
[__] okay I'm just going to delete
it for
yeah no not
not okay
chasing
[Music]
you oh my God
okay
oops oh we can delete this
then I'm pretty
sure wait
oh wait can we just cancel
this wait what
that seems fine
wait can we do can we do both at once
that should wait what
happened what the what the hell
bro oh did we have the
wrong oh
of course it's the wrong thing why
wouldn't it
be wait where are we SK we're sketching
on here okay
where the hell am I
okay the question is
now from this point to this Edge 56
that's pretty close to what we had
the problem is I'm worried that well we
should print this and just see what's up
but I'm a little worried that it's going
to make
contact
asymmetrically like I think that
this Servo probably needs to be out a
little bit more and then have a longer
arm but we should print this
thing for
move
oof oof
oof once you thought I was the president
oo
y we'll definitely have to make well
we'll definitely have to make these four
metal for
sure even then I think that this whole
thing basically instantly is going to
destroy this B this
nut make it fall off
rather uh and then this thing is going
to go
flying but we are going to have to try
it out because
otherwise we got
nothing what a weird component this is
one of the weirder components that I've
made it's also
not even
symmetrical how did I get that even
wrong
oh where can we can we go to this
component
and do a play
through so with this copy and move is
what I want to look
at
hello you can't edit
that we can edit the move
so what do we need to do exactly we need
[Music]
to maybe it's fine doesn't matter that
it's not in the
center okay I think we should
probably can I just make a rectangle
can I let's just make
a
for for
nice fantastic fantastic
oh wait God what did I do
okay wait now we got to redo this
joint and where should the joint go man
you got to be so deliberate you really
have to
be con you know this has to go here this
has to go
there so what happened first let's
capture position now I thought this
oh wait but we want to edit this joint
to
be
what dude
what oh my [__] god
I'm pissed off bro okay can
we wait where did I even put
it oh is that why you have to activate
this thing and then I can do no no
obviously that's not how it works
why would you think that's how that
works okay so it's clearly got to be
longer so if we activate horn and look
at the
sketch I'm going to make this
40 make
this
6.5 we're going to
project the thing that's not an
arc for
wait
oh I just love that so much why can't I
just drag this thing why do I have to go
here animate joint relationships
I still think it's slightly too
okay and then now we need to
activate this and this initial Extrusion
not this one the second
one we're going to make this minus
10 now we're going to activate the horn
again we are going to animate the uh
we should probably give a little bit
more well it's on the top so this is
actually going to be a little bit
higher and let's see does this collide
with that no so we're
totally I feel like we've got it I feel
like we we can print
this I really just want to shoot
something with out of the I really just
want to get a real working thing down
no
for
for e
all
right boy oh boy are we ready dude I
kind of I'm scared but let's just send
it cuz otherwise I'm just going to sit
here all day so we're going to print out
this part and we're just going to see
what the supports look
like
um do I need a print anything I actually
don't know I think that this I have and
then these fly wheels I have so and then
the horn I'm not going to
print the horn I am going to print I'm
going to print this horn
because and it's going to be screwed in
oh interesting so we need to actually
find uh
[Music]
I think it's this one 9 90 I think it's
this
this is going to give me the Min
distance though only 15 I don't even
know if that's right I'm going to go get
one and then measure it on the
calipers but if so we we still need to
project in those set screw
things
for
for e
I thought that there was like a
one-sided
one let me go look upstairs I feel like
there is where it's like yeah basically
what's on the
screen it's not in this bag
though
for
e
e for
for
for for
e
okay so it turns out that I don't have I
found the servos but it turns out that I
don't
have that one I only
have this
so what we're going to
do where is
it okay what we're going to
do is
um I'm just going to turn this
off and I'm going to insert
oh wait actually it's not that it's
going to
be this
okay
now turn the horn on and we want to
remove its joints
so wait can we just edit the joint is it
this
joint yeah
sweet so not between
the shaft but between between oh can we
oh wait okay hold on can
we move this up
I don't know why I can't oh you know
what
wait okay wait
so screw is going to go in
there I'm going to make this um
it doesn't really need to move all that
much
mass uh I guess it's going to go in
there okay now we need to rotate this so
these are exactly aligned
is it
exact it looks pretty exact actually so
that means that on this face we're going
to create a sketch we're going to hide
the horn and we are going to project I
said hide the
horn bro or
whatever and project
this okay
now we're going to take
these and just extrude them
down so the thing is this is actually
going to be higher than we sort
of seven but then the distance between
but then the radius of this is 25 so
that's 22 that's going to hit the very
top of this thing that's not
that's not good so we need to
um yeah on this face we need to create a
sketch we need to turn off this and
this wait wait where did the holes go
oh what is this top
plate the hell is this oh my
God the problem is I need to fix my
scripts because my scripts don't deal
with nesting properly
what am I still clicking on
what what the hell
bro we don't need to do all that
oh damn it la la la I'm so mad why did I
do
that we can do this that sketch we can
just delete this sketch
right activate the
horn um draw a sketch on the bottom
face draw a
line oh [__]
why is it always moving to the
origin 2.75
okay there's still a gap so
we're
good okay I think I'm ready
okay
oh I think that's it
wait can we
that should be
fine an hour and a half that's not
bad that's worst that can
happen I am going to go watch it
probably or at least have the video on
cuz I'm still not
like super confident that I'm going to
get no issues
oh did we um
[Music]
trying to imagine the ball
maybe a little bit shorter would have
been
better the thing is I move my printer
into the garage and I don't know if it's
get it doesn't really get that good a
Wi-Fi
signal for
another big unknown is
um is
um I totally lost my train of thought
I'm not sure
oh yeah is U mounting the bottom plate
to something because right now
there's there's no nothing that holds
that down
and then this nut is definitely going to
fall off
oh [__] see that
just keep it playing
is it still stuck on there
I'm going to go run over there
for
okay I'm pretty sure I know what's
happening there's residue on the hot end
when it gets hot it becomes sticky and
then it makes it very hard for the
uh the little poops that it makes to and
then the bed leveling is
off everything goes downhill from there
so for
I don't think it's clogged I think it's
just getting stuck
[Music]
oh wow
wow there's little dude the A1 in some
ways is like way better than the
P1 the touch screen and everything
[Music]
oh I should take that off
I don't want to do this
okay I want something from specifically
for the P1
okay I think I know how to do it but we
need to wait for it to cool
right let's try to
reconnect um
okay
um
e
for
for e
for for
for
e
e for
for
e
for for
okay all right
so long time with no update but
basically this is what's going on
I took apart the hot end oh wait why am
I loud now I yeah okay so I have a p1s I
took off the magnetic cover and
unplugged
it then I took off the the the pin
connectors and I was able to take out
the hot I was almost able to take out
the hot end but I forgot to unload the
filament first so now I turned it on and
then that has to heat up the hot ends so
then I have to um what what okay and
then now I have to um wait for it to
cool
down before I can uh before I can take
it apart again so we're just chilling
for a few
minutes and we should be able to monitor
it from here this is totally whacked out
though I'm going to reopen B oh there we
go it's already at
for
e
e e
okay
e
for
for e
for for
okay so little
update so you can see here this is a hot
end
it's gummed up on the top with a whole
bunch of
filament it doesn't really want to break
off you really got to get it
hot and then the other problem is
there's a piece of filament that's
broken off in
there similarly I don't think that
there'd be any good good way to uh pull
that out of
there without it first getting really
hot
I could try extruding a bunch
but I'm sort of tempted to just put in
my um
my point
2 for
e e
okay
um I feel like I'm determined to fix
this
one can you just wiggle this thing off
of here this rubber part I'm going to
look up hotend disassembly
then we have our first clock luckily I
just got to remove these two BS to get
the haunted
off get those two bolts off just grab it
right down here and pull it straight
down there we go so according to Bamboo
I need to take an all wrench heat it up
stick it in the open end of the hot end
let it cool down then pull it out like a
cold pool this going be interesting good
ready let's get oh there it is okay we
got it oh wow
that's hold on the camera down it works
and uh yeah I got something B looks like
a piece of material stayed in hot in too
long and got degraded and hardened up
too much huh that was lot easier than I
thought this is a perfect time for me to
use from my Purge fill filament Canada
not sponsor by the way if you don't know
what purge filament is it's basically a
cleaning filament it's specially
designed to stick really well to other
filaments and basically push it out the
Noz let's put that perf F to work at
least I know my nozzle is squee clean
now that is disgusting and we cleaned up
the nozzle let's go ahead and put this
guy back together so now that way we
clear the clog let me say this I was
dreading having a clogger cuz I didn't
find involed with be to actually clear
it with this I was worri for nothing cuz
the front comes off so easily with
magnets and the entire Hoten assembly
itself comes off with just two bolts so
it took me less than what probably 3
minutes to basically just assemble the
entire hot have it in my hand it's
incredible iy like this because
maintenance is a required thing and
being able to do quick maintenance is a
huge Plus in my B yeah for
real so I have a nozzle here from my X1
Carbon at same nozzle across the X
Series and the P series and like you can
see on this label here I got some TPU
stuck um oh perfect this exactly what
I'm looking for go through and you can
see it at the top there and there's
really nothing you can do about trying
to pull it out like you can't get
tweezers in there there's no way you're
going to get a grip on it and so
following the bamboo Labs guidelines
we're going to heat a a 1.5 mm hex
key using a
lighter and we're just going to light
hell yeah dude heat up the end here for
10 to 15
seconds and I'm using the worst set of
Allen keys I have I'm not using my fancy
ones put that hot and then
we're just inserting
it into
there next thing we're going to do is
we're going to heat this end we've taken
the sock off already and now we can heat
the nozzle to try and pull this out at
the same time and pull all that
filament out of the hot end how do you
take the sock off off what the hell
[Music]
wow there we go it's hard to capture on
camera but I've got my light turned on
on my phone and I'm just going to put
the
nozzle over that and then you can see oh
hell yeah wait but how do you take sock
off
getting your name in
lights
okay but the process is the same for the
regular X1 now
technically screen
and get to the [__] point or
completely unplug it and
Mis remove the silicone the fan and set
it
aside remove the silicone so okay so we
just need
to get our little allen
wrench for
I'm assuming this is the right size yeah
they standardize the size that's
great and the great thing is that I have
a backup with the point 2 it's just
going to be so
slow and I don't think I have the
complete assembly but I do have a
replacement point 4 as well but I'd have
to put it all together but that's
fine like if worse comes to
worse okay wases I no yeah okay so we
can take off the
fan now we can slide off the sock how
did he get it off then set it
aside remove the
silicone how wait hold on
okay there we go you just got to be more
forceful I'm always scared about this
[__] just got to get it
out okay
there we
go there we
go is this all filament does this need
to be cleaned what does a clean hot end
look
like look at
this is this all filament
this does not look
good
for e
[Music]
can I just take a lighter to this thing
I'm going to go get a
lighter
e
for for
okay so I got some tweezers
but do I have to take off this whole
thing let's just try a lighter
what the hell
damn let me go inside to do this I would
like to show it on video but I'm going
to go
inside
for
e
e for
all
for
e
for for
for
e
for for
for e
all
right nothing stuck in there
a lot cleaner the thing is I'm still
sort of
worried about it being stuck up in
between the interface between the the
outer rim and the actual
nozzle but we are going to see also I
burned myself so we're gloves when you
do
this okay so I'm just going to put it
back together first we put on the
sock I believe the
sock just
goes un like
this pull this guy
up you pull this
got
[__] okay one side's nice and good but
this side is
not okay there we go the sock is back on
and now we need to put on the
fan but I forget which way the fan
goes here's the bent hot end next to the
new
hotend remove the two screws securing
the fan to the
high I can't even
tell oh the label go okay it's fine and
then the cable points up
[Music]
sh
okay all better hopefully
okay so let's reassemble and then we're
going to finally do our uh
print I pulled the real strand out of
the
I I'm very happy that I did this though
because now I'm not so
afraid of doing this like before I'd be
so afraid dude my gain is just not
working I'm going to unplug this and
plug this back
in hello
hello why is it I'm at Max game I must
have done something to this
thing that's so bizarre I don't know
what
happened anyways it should be like if I
talk like this it should be
freaking real like the RMS should be
like minus five
whatever let's
go for
I forgot the freaking Allen wrenches
what the
hell
for
for e
for for
[Music]
e for
I think that when I was so I like took
all of the um spools out of the AMS and
I think that I got it tangled I think I
untangled it but I'm it looks like it
might still be
Tangled hey what's going
on
Salvador oh you've already been in here
okay
cool
um yeah I got to watch this
thing um um
I'll okay I I got to go watch this thing
though cuz this is kind of important so
peace wait but you can watch the watch
this
for
e
e for
for
e
e for
for e
all
right oh
no how much did we
miss ban bro
ban how do you ban
okay um yeah so where are we at with
this basically
honestly I
still because I didn't take out that
outer casing that goes right outside of
the uh of the hotend nozzle I'm still
sort of suspicious on whether or not
stuff is going to dripped down from the
from where it got clogged on the
inside but the real test will be if the
print after this has any issue because
it it was pretty much like yeah if I
monitored it it would work for one print
but then the second print wouldn't work
so a what a day I
spent two hours just fixing this printer
man but honestly worth it worth it it
was very good that I actually spent the
time to uh
a
bro
for
for for
how's the print doing it's got to be
doing fine yeah look at
that okay so I'm going to go grab it and
then we're going to finally print our
real parts
and I'm going to go watch
it for
oh yeah let me ask sorry I've been
repairing my uh my
Al
okay I think my woes are over I think
I'm fine okay so I'll get some pistachos
that sounds
good okay should I ask them if they're
pistachios or organic as well yeah if
they're not don't get
them okay sounds good okay all right
thank you
bro if this doesn't work I'm going to be
so
upset I'm going to be so
upset oh my gosh okay that was quite the
ordeal
for
e for
oh guys I found another uh I found
another project that I so want to
do um
okay I want to make some stretchy
arduinos here we present a generalized
method to translate two layer circuits
into soft stretchable forms enabling the
creation of stretchable arduinos that
reliably strained over
328 let me see if I can steal this
paper yesterday wasn't on Sia but I
think it was maybe just cuz it literally
just got released
someone give me this paper
bro that's so annoying
dude how can this fabory thing how can
they claim to be like an like oh we I
don't know they give the air that we're
all open and we want to share our
research
but then you can't even download their
paper it's like I just want to read how
you guys did it because they the thing
is look all they say is by patterning
liquid metal paste onto so a soft sheet
of silicone or acrylic foam
tape that doesn't really mean anything
okay let's
see it's about to be done with bed
leveling oh well there's no poop on it
so that's good
I think we're more or less in the clear
all
right we successfully fixed the 3D
printer
yeah
successfully so I'm going to go lock up
the shop and then I think I'm just going
to end the stream cuz like what else is
there to do like after doing that I'm
freaking sick of
it all right yeah that's it peace